Winston Churchill 6.2.4
g
I would say to the House, as I said to
those who have joined this government:
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil,
tears and sweat.
- Speech in House of Commons on May 13, 1940, three
days after becoming prime minister
We shall fight on the beaches. We shall
fight on the landing grounds. We shall
fight in the fields, and in the streets,
we shall fight in the hills. We shall never
surrender!
- Speech about Dunkirk given in House of Commons on June 4, 1940
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to
so few.
- Speech made in the House of Commons on August 20, 1940, during the Battle of Britain. It
was a time of intense German bombing raids, and Britain had become "a whole nation fighting
and suffering together." In this speech Churchill is expressing special gratitude toward the
members of the Air Force, who were very important in turning the tide of the war.
Never give in - never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small,
large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and
good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently
overwhelming might of the enemy.
- Speech given in London on October 29, 1941
(page 1 of 2)
Winston Churchill 6.2.4
g
Canada is the linchpin of the English-speaking world. Canada, with
those relations of friendly, affectionate intimacy with the United
States on the one hand and with her unswerving fidelity to the
British Commonwealth and the Motherland on the other, is the link
which joins together these great branches of the human family, a
link which, spanning the oceans, brings the continents into their true
relation and will prevent in future generations any growth of division
between the proud and the happy nations of Europe and the great
countries which have come into existence in the New World.
- Speech given at a luncheon in honour of Mackenzie King on September 4, 1941
My dear friends, this is your hour. This is not victory of a party or
of any class. It's a victory of the great British nation as a whole. We
were the first, in this ancient island, to draw the sword against
tyranny. After a while we were left all alone against the most
tremendous military power that has been seen. We were all alone for
a whole year.
- Speech on VE-Day in London on May 8, 1945
Source: Sir Winston Churchill, Speeches and Quotes:
<http://www.winstonchurchill.org/i4a/pages/index.cfm?pageid=387>
(page 2 of 2)